Ah, Mr. Yi, I really know I was wrong
I really can't lose this job
I have a father who is a mother
There is a father who is the youngest
What does this have to do with me?
Mr. Yi, I really know I'm wrong, right?
Mr. Yi, we know we were wrong
We can punish you however you want.
But don't fire us.
It's hard to find a job in a state-owned enterprise now.
If I knew today, why did it have to be in the first place?
Somebody take this dog man and woman down to me
Take a look
You go to the factory manager, please
Manager Li
And I want to tell you about that.
Some problems in our textile factory
Just this bastard
To prove that his relationship with his wife is okay
He fucking bought a state-owned enterprise for him
Yes!
We smeared the photo of him and Xia Yushuang before
No one cares now
Instead, he achieved the reputation of doting on his wife
Tying yourself to national policy
He doesn't deserve it either
The birthday gift is so big.
The factory is really romantic, mom
You also want a factory
Uh, no, no, no.
blooming
What's wrong with sending it away?
Since their business is so popular
Then I'll be sloppy tomorrow.
Make them regret it more